Ghosts outside rooms
Turn based, wall-knocking down
Stats:
  HP
  AP
  Population
  DPS
Actions:
  All Actions -> -1 AP, -DPS/Population HP (lose DPS every Population Actions)
  Explore -> +X AP, +/-Y DPS, Rarely +1 Population
    Risky explores (near edge) = more DPS gained, closer to Popuation
    Safe explores = less DPS gained (or DPS decreased), but no closer to Population
  Fortify -> -1 DPS
  Heal -> +X HP
Goals:
  Population = N (find all), then escape?
  (Self-driven) explore all, keep on exploring
    Needs to terminate, e.g. DPS increases faster than fortification can help
Fails: No interesting choices, strategy is either turtling or rapid exploration, impossible to balance middle
Want decision to be: Do I make a risky, deeper explore, or a safer local explore
  Maybe needs to be more DotE - actually places your guys to block flow of evil

DotE TBS:
  Place defenders to block flow of evil - take damage, but evil does not get through
  Place supporters to build:
    Healing (just heal one turn, or build something that heals if someone is assigned there?)
    Blockade (takes one turn to build, so should block for one turn of attackers, but maybe any amount)
      - why not always build blockades instead of defending?
    Turret - like fortify, blocks one incoming attacker
  Ends up being just a tower defense


Something actiony?
  Open door, all red walls generate enemies, quickly kill them all
  Or, slightly tower defense-y - simulation of defenders running


Like the idea of the unexplored territory as a resource:
  Neighboring nodes:
    Generate 1 of three attributes
    Goal is to keep attributes even?
  Actions:
    All actions -> trigger neighboring nodes
    Kick down door -> change in neighboring nodes,






Slightly more RTS
  every tick, green squares generate HP, red neighbors decrease HP
    - can balance, ramp up things more analogly here?
  have N assigned workers, can only build green square next to other green square, or knock down walls next to green squares
  Stats:
    HP
    Population
    +HP/s (monotonically increasing)
    -DP/s (randomly fluctuating based on rooms explored)
  Still: Need incentive to head towards new worker
    Knock down room, is very large, cannot fortify in time
      Then just lose? Change track to grab other population first? But that would open more space, would not be clearly good
    Maybe worker nearest evil takes damage, if you dig in the other direction, instead the evil targets your green squares and eats those away
      Now topology matters more - maybe you end up with a choke point which a worker cannot possibly build on because too much damage is coming from there, so you need to dig in from another side
      - how do you not end up with that the turn in which you knock down a wall into a new, big room? You do, but you can knock down a neighboring wall to fight back, but now you'll never fortify enough...
      Maybe you just have to abandon rooms until you've got enough workers to fight back? But, evil DPS will keep on increasing? Not if you fortify in the other direction quick enough - but need to leave a worker there, taking some damage, so that tiles aren't lost quick enough

  Green tile: 16 HP, generates +1 HP orb per tick
  Red neighbors: generages -1 HP orbs
  Orbs seek each other if nearby to cancel, otherwise deal damage to nearest tile, or builder if builder is on tile that was reduced to 0 HP
  Builder builds at N HP/s, effectively generating N more HP/s if the square they are building is under attack
    - means a new room of size N+1 cannot be built into - have to widen the doorway by opening another room
      even if we have unlimited fortification behind us, one builder cannot build fast enough, though the builder will not die
      - most rooms should be N+1 or larger, but usually have multiple doorways
  Do orbs heal damaged tiles too? Maybe orbs don't cancel orbs, they just heal the tiles?  Or tiles hold a buffer of 1-2 orbs to cancel incoming evil - or HP IS orbs - green squares are a collection of 9 (16?) orbs

  Start in 3x3 room with 2 workers - will be taking 12 damage, generating 9, workers can repair the difference


TODO:
  X Draw room
  X Click to open new room
  X Add workers
  X Add HP, orbs, ticking
  X Generate green orbs
  ! Allow canceling any job
  X Should not be able to assign to workers to the same task!
  X find nearest is not looking at dest_x
  X auto-work if on a damaged square (no task for repair!)
  X generate an exit after all rescued
  X Move dig/rescue/all task status to board instead of worker? Then canceled dig tasks are resumable.
  X Only flag as busy if there is more than 2 HP to recover, but unflag as normal
  X Want to be able to click 3 times to send 3 existing repairing workers to 3 new spots (while moving, treat as lowest priority for assignment) - seems like this works
  X Select worker to assign task to specific worker
  X Animated room opening
  X Highlight just edge for digging
  X Put workers on the wall when working on digging
  X Edge of the world limits
  X Rescuable workers periodically say "help me", "i'm scared", etc
  X Game over screens
  X Some kind of intro/help text/tutorial
  X   Some mini-rooms at once
  X     four evil and a worker and green getting hurt
  X     four good and a worker and damaged green getting healed
  X   Then game starts, tutorial indicates to build three more Greens, and only then knock down a wall
  X Polish art:
    X Evil walls: pulsating
    X Good orbs: little hearts
    X Workers look more like something?
  Add sound
